Doc: Go-live track (#1765)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/go-live/overview.mdx

<b><CheckboxField label="Integrating the VTEX Order Placed and My Account" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Clone, edit, and install the <b><a href="https://github.com/vtex/faststore-vtex-integrations/">faststore-vtex-integrations</a></b> app on your VTEX account.</summary>
| Management | Reference                                                          |
| :--------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agency and VTEX Support    | [Integrating the VTEX Order Placed and My Account](/docs/go-live/5-integrating-the-vtex-order-placed-and-my-account)  |
</details>

<b><CheckboxField label="Checking the pages in the secure domain" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Test your website links to pages being rendered in the secure subdomain, such as the Login, Checkout, My Account, and Order Placed pages.</summary>
**Management**: Agency
</details>

---

### Headless customization

<b><CheckboxField label="Integrating the storefront with VTEX Headless CMS" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Set up the preview flow between the storefront and the Headless CMS</summary>

> | Management | Reference  -  |

Author: ```suggestion
| Management | Reference  |
```

**Management:** Agency
</details>

---

### Testing and performance

<b><CheckboxField label="Performing Lighthouse audits" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Run Lighthouse audits on your store's pages to guarantee you are going live with great performance</summary>
**Management:** Agency

- Run Lighthouse audits on your store's Home Page, Product Listing Page (PLP), Product Details Page (PDP), and custom pages.
- All pages must have Lighthouse Score equal or more than 60 on mobile devices.
- Any publication will be automatically blocked by the system until all checks pass.
</details>

{/* <b><CheckboxField label="Sentry" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary></summary>
| Management | Reference  |
| :--------- | :------------ |
| Agency and VTEX Support    | Coming soon!  |

</details> */}

<b><CheckboxField label="Setting up Traffic Splitting" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>If you already have a live store, configure traffic splitting to validate which version of your website is the best for your business needs.</summary>

> | VTEX Support    | Coming soon!  |

Author: ```suggestion
**Management:** VTEX Support
```

</details>

---

### Analytics

<b><CheckboxField label="Managing the Analytics module" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Make sure that all analytics events and data are accurately being send to Google Analytics.</summary>

> | Management | Reference  -  |

Author: ```suggestion
| Management | Reference |
```

---
title: '  Overview'
sidebar_label: 'Go-live'
---

import { Callout, Tab, Tabs } from 'nextra-theme-docs'
import { CheckboxField } from '@faststore/ui'

<header>

# Go-live overview

</header>

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
This documentation is currently under development.
</Callout>

In a headless architecture, an ecommerce website relies on the seamless collaboration of various modules. FastStore specializes in the frontend aspect, enabling the development of high-performance user interfaces for ecommerce websites. However, to create a complete digital commerce experience, multiple core modules must be integrated. At **VTEX**, some of these modules are:

| Module                      | Description                                                                                                                             |
| :-------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Checkout**                | Receives the shopper's information necessary to process an order.                                                                       |

> | **OrderPlaced**             | Handles the processing of customer orders. It displays a successful message right after the checkout process is completed.                                                            |

Reviewer: Isn't the processing part of the checkout?

Author: Yes, Guila!

| :--------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agency and VTEX Support    | [Integrating the VTEX Checkout](/docs/go-live/4-integrating-the-vtex-checkout)  |
</details>

<b><CheckboxField label="Integrating the VTEX Order Placed and My Account" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Clone, edit, and install the <b><a href="https://github.com/vtex/faststore-vtex-integrations/">faststore-vtex-integrations</a></b> app on your VTEX account.</summary>
| Management | Reference                                                          |
| :--------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agency and VTEX Support    | [Integrating the VTEX Order Placed and My Account](/docs/go-live/5-integrating-the-vtex-order-placed-and-my-account)  |
</details>

<b><CheckboxField label="Checking the pages in the secure domain" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Test your website links to pages being rendered in the secure subdomain, such as the Login, Checkout, My Account, and Order Placed pages.</summary>

> | Management | Reference  -  |

Author: ```suggestion
**Management**: Agency
```

> | :--------- | :------------ |

Author: ```suggestion
```

> | Agency     | Coming soon!  |

Author: ```suggestion
```

</details>

---

### Headless customization

<b><CheckboxField label="Integrating the storefront with VTEX Headless CMS" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Set up the preview flow between the storefront and the Headless CMS</summary>
| Management | Reference  -  |
| :--------- | :------------ |
| Agency     | [VTEX Headless CMS]()  |
</details>

---

### SSL Configuration

<b><CheckboxField label="Checking the pages SSL certificate" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Check if all pages of your store have the correct SSL certificate configured.</summary>

> | Management | Reference  -  |

Author: ```suggestion
**Management:** Agency
```

> | :--------- | :------------ |

Author: ```suggestion
```

> | Agency     | Coming soon!  |

Author: ```suggestion
```

</details>

---

### Testing and performance

<b><CheckboxField label="Performing Lighthouse audits" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Run Lighthouse audits on your store's pages to guarantee you are going live with great performance</summary>

> | Management | Reference  -  |

Author: ```suggestion
**Management:** Agency
```

> | :--------- | :------------ |

Author: ```suggestion
```

> | Agency     | Coming soon!  |

Author: ```suggestion
```

- Run Lighthouse audits on your store's Home Page, Product Listing Page (PLP), Product Details Page (PDP), and custom pages.
- All pages must have Lighthouse Score equal or more than 60 on mobile devices.
- Any publication will be automatically blocked by the system until all checks pass.
</details>

{/* <b><CheckboxField label="Sentry" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary></summary>
| Management | Reference  |
| :--------- | :------------ |
| Agency and VTEX Support    | Coming soon!  |

</details> */}

<b><CheckboxField label="Setting up Traffic Splitting" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>If you already have a live store, configure traffic splitting to validate which version of your website is the best for your business needs.</summary>

> | Management | Reference  -  |

Author: ```suggestion
```

> | :--------- | :------------ |

Author: ```suggestion
```

> | Agency    | Coming soon!  |

Author: ```suggestion
| VTEX Support    | Coming soon!  |
```

<summary>Set up the preview flow between the storefront and the Headless CMS</summary>
| Management | Reference  -  |
| :--------- | :------------ |
| Agency     | [VTEX Headless CMS]()  |
</details>

---

### SSL Configuration

<b><CheckboxField label="Checking the pages SSL certificate" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Check if all pages of your store have the correct SSL certificate configured.</summary>
| Management | Reference  -  |
| :--------- | :------------ |
| Agency     | Coming soon!  |
</details>

---

### Testing and performance

<b><CheckboxField label="Performing Lighthouse audits" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Run Lighthouse audits on your store's pages to guarantee you are going live with great performance</summary>
| Management | Reference  -  |
| :--------- | :------------ |
| Agency     | Coming soon!  |

- Run Lighthouse audits on your store's Home Page, Product Listing Page (PLP), Product Details Page (PDP), and custom pages.
- All pages must have Lighthouse Score equal or more than 60 on mobile devices.
- Any publication will be automatically blocked by the system until all checks pass.
</details>

> <b><CheckboxField label="Sentry" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

Author: @gvc, still not clear to me how the customers will have access to Sentry. Will they have to request access to it?

Reviewer: This is something that's not yet defined by our team. I'll make a note to look after it this afternoon, but I'd go without this for now

<details>
<summary></summary>
| Management | Reference  -  |
| :--------- | :------------ |
| Agency and VTEX Support    | Coming soon!  |

</details>

> <b><CheckboxField label="Setting up A/B testing" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

Reviewer: The correct name for this should be Traffic Split. A/B Testing is a feature that will be enabled by planner in the future.

---
title: '  Overview'
sidebar_label: 'Go-live'
---

import { Callout, Tab, Tabs } from 'nextra-theme-docs'
import { CheckboxField } from '@faststore/ui'

<header>

> # Overview

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Go-live overview
```

</header>

<Callout type="warning" emoji="⚠️">
This documentation is currently under development.
</Callout>

> **FastStore** is a solution to develop high-performance frontends for ecommerce websites. However, there are other core modules that make up a complete digital commerce experience. At **VTEX**, some of these core modules are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a headless architecture, an ecommerce website relies on the seamless collaboration of various modules. FastStore specializes in the frontend aspect, enabling the creation of high-performance user interfaces for ecommerce websites. However, to create a complete digital commerce experience, the integration of multiple core modules is necessary. At **VTEX**, some of these modules are:
```

> In a headless architecture, an ecommerce website relies on the seamless collaboration of various modules. FastStore specializes in the frontend aspect, enabling the creation of high-performance user interfaces for ecommerce websites. However, to create a complete digital commerce experience, the integration of multiple core modules is necessary. At **VTEX**, some of these modules are:

Author: ```suggestion
In a headless architecture, an ecommerce website relies on the seamless collaboration of various modules. FastStore specializes in the frontend aspect, enabling the development of high-performance user interfaces for ecommerce websites. However, to create a complete digital commerce experience, multiple core modules must be integrated. At **VTEX**, some of these modules are:
```

| Module                      | Description                                                                                                                             |
| :-------------------------- | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Checkout**                | Receives the shopper's information necessary to process an order.                                                                       |

> | **OrderPlaced**             | Displays a successful message right after the checkout process is completed.                                                            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **OrderPlaced**             | Handles the processing of customer orders. It displays a successful message right after the checkout process is completed.                                                            |
```

| **Login**                   | Handles user login in a store.                                                                                                          |

> | **MyAccount**               | allows customers to manage their orders and personal data (e.g., profile info, password, addresses, and credit cards) on a single page. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **MyAccount**               | Allows customers to manage their orders and personal data (e.g., profile information, password, addresses, and credit cards) on a single page. |
```

> | **VTEX Intelligent Search** | Displays previous search results based on current and previous searches.                                                                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **VTEX Intelligent Search** | Provides autocomplete and displays relevant results based on the store catalog.                                                                 |
```

Therefore, to provide shoppers with a full checkout and post-purchase experience, you, as a developer, must guarantee the integration between your FastStore project and VTEX solutions before going live.

To ensure that you have set up all configurations for your store to run smoothly.

> copy this [store configuration checklist](/tbd) and check if you have configured each item according to your desired operation.

Reviewer 2: Qual é essa lista?

Author: Estava pensando em uma ideia sugerida pelo Pedro de utilizar a [checklist disponível na trilha "Go Live" do Help](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/go-live-your-store--4Ns5FxIiksmjsdX2yOTduM/1iP90RcJvlrfQhnlxM54wo#before-you-begin) e complementá-la com itens específicos da FastStore. No entanto, considerando a [checklist já existente neste PR](https://faststore-site-git-vtex-integration-faststore.vercel.app/docs/go-live/overview#storefront-developement), pode ser redundante adicionar outra lista 🤔

> > ⚠️ The checklist above lists the basic features and configurations required to run a VTEX store. It is your team's responsibility to determine which features to implement in your store and how to configure them to create the desired store experience. Therefore, this list may only cover some of the features your store uses, and you must check all aspects of your store's operation, even if they are not on the suggested list. Ainda assim é importante que verifique todos os aspectos do funcionamento da sua loja, mesmo que não estejam na lista sugerida.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ This checklist outlines the basic features and configurations required to run a VTEX store. Hence, this list may cover only some of the features of your store. To address the specific requirements of your store, your team must carefully assess all aspects of your store's functionality, including requirements not explicitly listed here.
```

> > ⚠️ The checklist above lists the basic features and configurations required to run a VTEX store. It is your team's responsibility to determine which features to implement in your store and how to configure them to create the desired store experience. Therefore, this list may only cover some of the features your store uses, and you must check all aspects of your store's operation, even if they are not on the suggested list. Ainda assim é importante que verifique todos os aspectos do funcionamento da sua loja, mesmo que não estejam na lista sugerida.

Reviewer 2: Toda essa parte pode vir na próxima seção.

(acho que faltou dizer que na seção seguinte será apresentada a checklist)

> ## Key go-live steps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Go-live checklist
```

> To summarize the **essential** steps you **must** take to go-live with stores developed using FastStore, please keep the following in mind:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure a smooth and successful launch of your FastStore project, please consider the following:
```

> ### Storefront Developement

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Storefront developement
```

<b><CheckboxField label="Checking the account edition" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b> 

<details>
<summary>Ensure that your account edition is set to `vtex.edition-store@5.x` Edition app in your master workspace.</summary>

| Management              | Reference                                                                                                                                                                       |
| :---------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | Agency and VTEX Support |  If your account has another Edition app major installed, [open a support ticket](https://help.vtex.com/en/support) requesting the installation of the vtex.edition-store@5.x.  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Agency and VTEX Support |  If your account uses a different Edition App major version, [open a support ticket](https://help.vtex.com/en/support) requesting the installation of the vtex.edition-store@5.x.  |
```

</details>

<b><CheckboxField label="Deploying with FastStore Onboarding" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b> 

<details>

> <summary>Deploy your project using FastStore Onboarding app.</summary>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<summary>Deploy your project using the FastStore Onboarding app.</summary>
```

| Management | Reference                                                 |
| :--------- | :-------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agency     | [FastStore Onboarding](/docs/getting-started/onboarding)  |
</details>

<b><CheckboxField label="Setting up the project" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Set up and develop your Storefront.</summary>
| Management | Reference                                                          |
| :--------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agency     | [Setting up the project](/docs/getting-started/settingup-project)  |
</details>

---

> ### VTEX Integration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### VTEX integration
```

| Agency and VTEX Support    | [Integrating the VTEX Checkout](/docs/go-live/4-integrating-the-vtex-checkout)  |
</details>

<b><CheckboxField label="Integrating the VTEX Order Placed and My Account" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Clone, edit, and install the <b><a href="https://github.com/vtex/faststore-vtex-integrations/">faststore-vtex-integrations</a></b> app on your VTEX account.</summary>
| Management | Reference                                                          |
| :--------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Agency and VTEX Support    | [Integrating the VTEX Order Placed and My Account](/docs/go-live/5-integrating-the-vtex-order-placed-and-my-account)  |
</details>

<b><CheckboxField label="Checking the pages in the secure domain" id="checkboxfield-default" /></b>       

<details>
<summary>Test your website links to pages being rendered in the secure subdomain, such as the Login, Checkout, My Account, and Order Placed pages.</summary>
| Management | Reference  -  |
| :--------- | :------------ |
| Agency     | Coming soon!  |
</details>

---

> ### Headless Customization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Headless customization
```
